
<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit the README.Rmd file -->

# Lab report \#1

Follow the instructions posted at
<https://ds202-at-isu.github.io/labs.html> for the lab assignment. The
work is meant to be finished during the lab time, but you have time
until Monday evening to polish things.

Include your answers in this document (Rmd file). Make sure that it
knits properly (into the md file). Upload both the Rmd and the md file
to your repository.

All submissions to the github repo will be automatically uploaded for
grading once the due date is passed. Submit a link to your repository on
Canvas (only one submission per team) to signal to the instructors that
you are done with your submission.

“This is a line from RStudio” Bach Nguyen - 12.1 Download Git, R,
RStudio in computer. 12.2 Create github repo for team 10 12.3 Had no
issue clone the github repo 12.4 No issues, did not have any issues 12.5
Push update to Github, no issues facing 12.6 My changes appeared on the
README on github, no issues facing.

“This is a line from RStudio” Thien Nguyen - step 12.1, I downloaded and
installed Git, R, and RStudio on my computer without encountering any
issues. Moving on to step 12.2, I created a GitHub repository for Team
10. In step 12.3, I cloned the GitHub repository to my local machine.
During step 12.4, everything proceeded smoothly without any
complications. Proceeding to step 12.5, I pushed updates to GitHub.
Finally, in step 12.6, I verified that my changes appeared correctly in
the README file on GitHub, confirming that the entire workflow.

“This is a line from RStudio” Tam Minh Nguyen - 12.1 I downloaded Git,
R, and Rstudio and then installed them on my computer. I didn’t face any
issues in this part. In step 12.2, my teammate had already created a
team repository, so I just joined the repository and got ready to work.
In step 12.3, I cloned our team repository to my local machine.
Initially, I was not familiar with Git, so I struggled a bit to get
familiarized with it and tried to memorize many Git syntax. On step
12.4, after getting used to Git, I had no issues on this part, and
everything is great. On step 12.5, I pushed my team’s updated work to
Github. On step 12.6, my changes finally appeared on the README on
GitHub, and I have no issues with it.

“This is a line from RSTUDIO” Shivansh Patel - I was able to work on
this lab without many errrs due to already having Git installed on my
computer. My teammate Bach Nguyen had already created our group 10’s
repository so I just had to clone it to my machine. Changing the file,
committing and pushing were also simple and I was able to go through
chapter 12’s instructions.
